Project Two


a) The colors for whole website will be lighter colors toward more earth tone colors. The background color for all pages will be light peach color. The font color for words and links will be turquoise color. I chose this background color because it is the fall season and warmer colors are friendlier. As for the font color, it matches the background according to the Adobe color wheel . The enter button will be orange color, a very catchy color, with white color text. There will be links on the top right hand corners leading to projects, about and contact pages. These links will appear on all pages. Once the mouse hover over a link, it will be underlined. The text on the contact form will be black color fonts and the send button will orange with white text. There will be a copyright on the bottom left corner in black font and two small icons for email and GitHub on the bottom right corner. The navigation links and the icons on the footer will appear on all pages.

b)Images-See folder
c)SiteMap-See folder

d)

HOME PAGE-

The homepage is welcome page so I will have these "Welcome" and " Enter". The Enter is button that will lead to my project page. There will be a picture in the center of the page.

PROJECTS-

I will have two of recent works from this class. One of the them is the Cafe website I created as a practice and another one is the Hobby page (as dummy page). I will use the screenshots(project1icon.jpg and project2icon.jpg) of the two projects as a small picture icon or gallery. 


ABOUT-

A self-photo (photo.jpeg) and the text below: 

Hi, My Name is Jenny Chen. I am a new web developer. I think a good webpage design will capture the attention of the visitor but also highlight the message of your brand or business. It should have nice colors, typography, imagery and it is should be smooth transitioning and fast loading. I am passionate about bringing art and design in creating awesome webpages. Please check out my work and let me know if you have any feedback or you would like to work together on projects.
 

My technical skills are HTML, CCS, JavaScript, Node JS, Git. I am currently in bootcamp learning about web development from a really good instructor. My next adventure after this is to learn Python, so I can be a better developer and programmer.  

CONTACT-

It will have a form with first name, last name, email and a message box. The text in form will be black font. The send button will be orange with white text. There will be also a picture behind the the form. The text in the contact form: For business inquires and collaboration, please send me a message. Thank you. 



e) Examples portfolio websites: 

https://www.wenxinwendyju.com

This website is creative. I like the design of cursor movement. When the user moves the cursor across the page, the cursor becomes a small pink swirl. It is neatly organized into basic sections of many websites: about me, work/project and contact. When I visited this website, the top section shows almost blank. I needed to scroll down further to see content. This is not good because as an user, I thought it is just a blank page if I don't scroll down.  Also, it has two icons on the right and the left that do not give much information of what they are. I need to click on them to find out and they basically take you down to the content of the page. Once the left icon is clicked, three boxes or three sections dropped down like a drop down navigation boxes and when you move the cursor to it, it has red line crosses out the title of section. The idea is creative. But the whole box is not clickable, only the area of the title word is clickable which is a small area.  The two navigation icons on the top are the header, the about me and projects sections are the main and the contact is the footer.


https://www.christinavanessa.com

The website has an interesting front page. It has a video as the background. It is professionally done to show her work with business brand but when the front page has loaded, I've thought it is a shoe company. The message isn't clear that her business is graphic design. Through out her website, the layout, colors and typography seems to be very professional and classy. She is able incorporate mini videos to show off her work which is nice.  The thing I don't like is some huge blank spots. The About page has some huge blank spots on the left side without picture or much text. I was expecting something to load there. I didn't know the text to follow her on instagram is link and I wouldn't know unless I hover it. Another issue I have with this website is the Explore page and the About page color and layout seem to be same to me and I thought I kept staying in the same page.  There is no link to go back to the front page and the contact form is under the About page which is difficult to find for the visitor. The navigation links are the header, the products are the main and there is no footer. 

https://www.brookecavallaro.com

This website has very colorful palettes, a balance of dark and light colors. It is organized with the navigation links on the top left, the projects are in the main section and the contact or social media on the footer. I like the contrast of the pink font in the dark green color background. And when the cursor hover over the each work project, it turns to a different shade. It has a lot of images but it is fast loading. It's a very simple and professional website with not many surprising features. The images are way too big; one image can fill almost the half of the page. This website also has the contact information under the About page which is hard to find. The Instagram and LinkedIn are all the way at the bottom with big footer with too much height and leave so much white gap that one wouldn't know there are links at the bottom. 


f) Wireframes-see folder

g) Resume-see folder


